that's the big trick right that's the
tricky thing that's the paradox of life
is that if you want to stop being a
failure the first step is advertising uh
this is kind of interesting
and broke sand is saying i'm a
psychologist but had little to no
benefit from therapy myself for anxiety
and depression although i know the
literature supports efficacy over
placebo my experience creates an
internal conflict within me when
thinking of exercising the profession of
a therapist
i'm considering changing career path
because of this and i feel lost so i
think this is great
so i mean not that you're in the
situation the situation's unfortunate
bro but i think this is a a great
example also you may not be a bro and
this is a great example of like it's
that internal conflict that you've got
to potentially work through with a
therapist right so i don't know if you
ever did that but going to a therapist
and saying hey i'm not sure if this is
working even though i'm a psychologist
like i don't i don't know exactly what
to do about that
it's working through that internal
conflict which will absolutely be the
right thing
right because as long as that internal
conflict is there like you're not going
to benefit from therapy that's the first
thing you need to go through go to
okay
uh yeah so but why do i want to play
solo so much because when you're playing
solo no one has to see your failures
that's why we love playing solo
right
so you guys ever do this thing where
like
if you know like if you're going to a
lan party and you haven't played a game
that you like practice at first before
the lan party so you don't get owned
if you do that then you know why you
play solo
it's one thing to be a failure it's
another thing to advertise it
that's the big trick right that's the
tricky thing that's the paradox of life
is that if you want to stop being a
failure the first step is advertising it
that's how you get help and help is op
like just think about this for a second
chat
think about this there are people out
there who are better at this than you
are
and you can try to learn it yourself the
hard way but like you can just like go
and get help and they'll tell you how to
do it people are there to help you
people love helping you like think about
you like you love helping other people
y'all are great
[Music]
but
it's it's devastating but
remaining a failure is borum
is
how can i say this
for most people
they would rather remain
a hidden failure
than advertise being a failure and no
longer being a failure
we'll we'll choose hidden failure over
public success any day of the week
and that's one of the most devastating
things about being human and i think our
current like internet based environment
only exacerbates that
so let go of ego meditate
you know
and let yourself suck
like that's okay
like this is the other problem that
happens is we identify with sucking
right so we don't say to ourselves
like we
we don't think about ourselves as
inexperienced
all we see is our performance so like we
we attribute our failures not to a lack
of inexperience but to personality
issues
so we say like oh like i am lazy or i'm
an idiot or like other people are
successful
we use these be verbs are am
i am this way i am a failure i am an
incel it's an identification with a
thing
you know i am
like we don't say i just haven't had a
girlfriend yet like that's not what we
say
i haven't had is like very different
like we identify with the thing and if
you look at research on psychedelics and
meditation
the method through which psychedelics
and meditation seem to work is they
change your perception of identity
so they change the identification that
you have with a particular condition
so people who will use psychedelics like
the ones that use it in the therapeutic
environment the ones that have good
experiences
will say things like i realize that i am
not a failure like i'm what i am is
different from a failure like and so
then they separate that out therapy can
do that meditation can do that you have
to divorce yourself from like the
outcomes of your actions and when you
start defining yourself as a failure
that's when you're screwed
right because then all kinds of like
subconscious calculations change
and i've come to appreciate over the
last couple weeks like the value of
subconscious calculations
and your mind is like constantly
calculating about what you can do and
what you can't do and if you perceive
yourself as a failure you're kind of
screwed there yeah so gravy boat is
saying a bad trip on lsd is as helpful
as a good one you still learn about
yourself albeit it's chaos so that's
where i'd say that you're lucky so i've
worked with unfortunately too many
people who have had bad trips that have
like basically permanently disabled them
so i've had people who have like ptsd
from
lsd trips and they're like not able to
hold jobs
one person described it to me as
permanent anxiety like this so they feel
anxious like constantly and like i
couldn't
i really couldn't help them i tried i
just didn't it was just weird
like i couldn't find any like root to
their anxiety or whatever
it's weird
so i i i wouldn't really advocate
substance use especially psychedelics
it's just
you're playing with fire so that's also
true of like advanced meditation
techniques so like my teachers told me
for example that you know some
techniques that i was taught like i
shouldn't do unless i was like with them
and like out in the woods
so deep meditation techniques the ones
that are a little bit more like
hallucinatory
are have been described to me as playing
with fire so even like the kundalini
shakti
is like viewed as fire that can like
consume you so it can burn away like all
of your negative karmas or it can burn
away everything so those practices need
to be done with with a lot of care and
caution
you